
1
C
I'll tell you about the Depression. Now, before we start, I gotta say this:
You may think you're so smart and that you can just correct me whenever you want
by pressing [C], but you're wrong! I may be a patient man, but I do have my limits.
If you try to correct me more than 3 times when I'm right, we're done!

2
C
But enough of that! Let's get started. So as an overview, I'll say that the Great
Depression began in 1929, and ended around 1939. The event that marked the
beginning of the Depression was the stock market crash. A crash happens when
all of the stocks on the market suddenly become worthless!

3
I
So why did they become worthless? Well, you see, aliens came down and took over
some the investor's bodies and made them sign over their stocks for the lowest
possible price, causing both the supply and demand to go down significantly. That's
probably what happened. I think.
1. WHAT?? Aliens, Grandpa? Really?
2.  Everyone knows it was fish people.
3.  Aliens are too dumb to mess up OUR economics!
4.  Maybe it WAS aliens...
Eh? What? Right, that might have just been in that one movie...
Fine! So what really happened is that the stocks became worth more than what
investors were willing to pay. Once the investors stopped buying into the stocks,
however, they plummetted in price, and the investors lost a lot of money!

4
C
Oh? What's that? You don't know what the stock market is? Well shoot. So basically,
it's this system of buying parts of a company to help fund it, and when the company
makes money, the stocks become worth more, making you (the investor) money! This 
makes you money, and helps companies get the funds they need!

5
C
Right, so now you know. Now when the market crashes, the companies whose stocks 
were in the market lose a lot of money as well. This meant that all these companies 
who had been booming were suddenly out of money, and many of them had to shut 
down all production, meaning that manufactured goods became very expensive.

6
I
So with all these manufactured goods becoming so expensive, this meant that
people coundn't buy their flat-screen TVs anymore! And without them, everyone
got behind on their sitcoms, news, and telenovellas!! It was awful! All the actors
got fired and then started rioting in the streets, I tell you!
1. Grandpa... 
